README.md, before:

# <summary><strong>Hi there :wave: , I'm Goo!</strong></summary>

Lifelong Learner, currently working as budagh kompeni.

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=goonesmile&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="isrealodejobi" />

</p>



### <summary><strong>Tools:</strong></summary>

<p>

    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Text%20Editor-Visual%20Studio%20Code-blue?&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=blue" />

</p>



### <summary><strong>Yosh!</strong></summary>

<p>

    - :keyboard: I’m currently learning Data Analytics. </br>

    - :speech_balloon: Ask me about anything.</br>

    - :mailbox: How to reach me: <a href="mailto:youremail@gmail.com">Email me!</a>  </br>

    - :cloud: Pronouns: She/Her. </br>

    - :game_die: Drawing and writing are part of me. </br>

<p>

 

### <summary><strong>Let's connect!</strong></summary>

<a href="https://twitter.com/yours">

  <img align="left" alt="Goo's Twitter" width="20px" src="https://simpleicons.now.sh/twitter/495f7e" />

</a>

<a href="https://www.instagram.com/yours/">

  <img align="left" alt="Goo's Instagram" width="20px" src="https://simpleicons.now.sh/instagram/495f7e" />

</a>

<a href="https://yours.com/">

  <img align="left" alt="Goo's Blog" width="20px" src="https://simpleicons.now.sh/blogger/495f7e" />

</a>

Ubah link media sosial diatas dengan link media sosial kalian.

Untuk Tools, kalian juga dapat menambahkan:

    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-MacOS-blue?&logo=apple" /> - MacOS
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Swift-blue?&logo=swift" /> - Swift
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IDE-Xcode-blue?&logo=xcode" /> - IDE

<p>

    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=namaAnda&hide=contribs,prs&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&title_color=000" />

    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=namaAnda&layout=compact" height=180 />

</p>

Commit message:

README.md
Updated project summary and author information.

README.md, after:

# <summary><strong>Pomodoro Running with ethical hacking tools </strong></summary>
Short version: A curses-based Pomodoro that can execute tools (nmap, gobuster, dirb, etc.) detached and save the output to a per-tool log folder.

Author: ardx
Goal: Facilitate focused sessions while running non-interactive tools in a controlled lab/VM.

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=goonesmile&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="isrealodejobi" />

</p>



### <summary><strong>Tools:</strong></summary>

<p>

    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Text%20Editor-Visual%20Studio%20Code-blue?&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=blue" />

</p>



### <summary><strong>Yosh!</strong></summary>

<p>

    - :keyboard: I’m currently learning Data Analytics. </br>

    - :speech_balloon: Ask me about anything.</br>

    - :mailbox: How to reach me: <a href="mailto:youremail@gmail.com">Email me!</a>  </br>

    - :cloud: Pronouns: She/Her. </br>

    - :game_die: Drawing and writing are part of me. </br>

<p>

 

### <summary><strong>Let's connect!</strong></summary>

<a href="https://twitter.com/yours">

  <img align="left" alt="Goo's Twitter" width="20px" src="https://simpleicons.now.sh/twitter/495f7e" />

</a>

<a href="https://www.instagram.com/yours/">

  <img align="left" alt="Goo's Instagram" width="20px" src="https://simpleicons.now.sh/instagram/495f7e" />

</a>

<a href="https://yours.com/">

  <img align="left" alt="Goo's Blog" width="20px" src="https://simpleicons.now.sh/blogger/495f7e" />

</a>

Ubah link media sosial diatas dengan link media sosial kalian.

Untuk Tools, kalian juga dapat menambahkan:

    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-MacOS-blue?&logo=apple" /> - MacOS
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Swift-blue?&logo=swift" /> - Swift
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IDE-Xcode-blue?&logo=xcode" /> - IDE

<p>

    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=namaAnda&hide=contribs,prs&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&title_color=000" />

    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=namaAnda&layout=compact" height=180 />

</p>
